---
title: PastMeetings
displaytext: Past Meetings
layout: null
tab: true
order: 2
tags: armenia
---

## Past Meetings

<hr>

### Friday, October 4, 2019

[Facebook Event](https://www.facebook.com/events/2415197248750402/)

#### Talks

**From Cloud to Containers – Enhancing security practices to accommodate dynamic models** by Cassio Goldshmidt

Securing the modern attack surface is a critical challenge. Whether it’s managing short-lived assets, assessing cloud environments or maintaining web application security, today’s attack surface presents a growing challenge to CISOs looking to understand and reduce their cyber risk. During this talk, Cassio will review the evolution of IT infrastructure and the new security practices that are designed to accommodate new and more dynamic development and infrastructure models.

#### Round Tables

- Getting ready for ArmSec 2019

#### Speakers

**Cassio Goldshmidt**

Cassio Goldschmidt is the Head of Information Security at ServiceTitan. His past leadership experience includes services at AON/Stroz Friedberg, NCR Corporation, Intuit, Symantec Corporation, and Cisco Systems.

-----

##### **October 2018 Meetup**

Wednesday, October 24, 2018 at 2 PM – 4 PM

At Hero House ( address 2a Barbusse st, 0028 Yerevan, Armenia )

Agenda:

Join us to discuss the current InfoSec trends and get ready for ArmSec
Conference.

-----

#### OWASP Armenia March Meetup 2018

When: March 2, 7-9 pm

Where: 2a Barbusse St, Yerevan

  - New tricks of Social Engineering
  - Round Table discussion
  - CSRF disection

#### OWASP Armenia June Meetup \#2 2016

date: June 30 time: 6pm place: AUA, room 308E

agenda:

  - "Open Source Intelligence" - Karen Vrtanesyan
  - screening and discussion of the film "Citizenfour"

#### OWASP Armenia June Meetup 2016

date: June 24, 2016 time: 6:30 - 9:00pm place: AUA, room 308E

agenda:

  - Fuzzing Stuff or Let There Be 0days - Workshop by Vahagn Vardanyan

#### OWASP Armenia April Meetup 2016

When: April 12, 6:30-9:00 pm

Where: AUA, room 414 W

Agenda:

  - InfoSec issues of the day

<!-- end list -->

  - \< the topic of your choice \> \*

#### OWASP Armenia March Meetup 2016

Date:

`  March 11, 2016`

Time:

`  6:30 pm`

Location:

` AUA - room 308E`

Agenda:

  - "Authentication and Single Sign On Best Practices" - Vahe Evoyan
  - "Social Untrust" - Vaagn Toukharian

#### OWASP Armenia Oct Meetup 2015

At American University of Armenia Date: Oct 13 Time: 18:30 Place: AUA,
room 413W

Agenda:

  - BugBounty by Vahagn Vardanyan
  - Armenian version of BugCrowd
  - ArmSec Conference

#### OWASP Armenia Aug Meetup 2015

At American University of Armenia Date: Aug 7 Time: 18:30 Place: AUA,
room 308E

Agenda:

  - "A view from rainy London: cyber security, startups, funding and
    assurance schemes" - Edgar Danielyan

<!-- end list -->

  - "Building secure cloud based infrastructure" - Davit Baghdasaryan

#### OWASP Armenia June Meetup 2015

At American University of Armenia Date: June 4 Time: 18:30 Place: AUA,
room 308E

Agenda:

"Headless Browser Hide & Seek" - Sergey Shekyan

Sergey will discuss offensive use of headless browsers tools, and how to
counteract them in practice.

"Behind the scenes: Security Research" - Rodrigo Rubira Branco
(BSDaemon)

It is well known that Security Research became a trend worldwide. Terms
like cyberwar and 0day are now part of the normal media jargon. Security
companies are releasing advisories. Computer hardware companies are
buying security companies. Software companies are hiring hackers. How
does that work behind the scenes? How good (or bad) the vulnerabilities
are been coordinated? Why a security vulnerability has a value? Who is
buying? How security research is been done nowadays? Why the real
hackers are disappearing? This talk will give some answers and will
create even more questions. It is the opinion of someone who created
security research teams around the globe, coordinated security issues
with different companies and developed security solutions too.

#### OWASP Armenia May Meetup 2015

May 15, 6:30pm

Location: Instigate Mobile CJSC

Agenda:

  - Vahe Evoyan - HTTP/2 overview
  - Round Table Discussion

#### OWASP Armenia Dec Meetup 2014

Saturday, December 20, 2014at 3:00pm At American University of Armenia

3 hour session on PGP will help participants to learn about PGP. Expert
help will be provided to apply the technology in daily private and
secure communications.

15:00-15:30 - Intoduction to PGP

15:30-16:00 - PGP on Desktop

16:00-16:30 - PGP on Mobile

16:30-17:30 - Install Fest

17:30-18:00 - OWASP Roundtable

#### OWASP Armenia September Meetup 2014

Tuesday, September 30, 2014at 6:30pm At American University of Armenia

Location: Room 208 of AUA

Agenda:

  - Rouben Meschian - TBD
  - Round Table Discussion
  - Satenik Mnatsakanyan & Inna Kholodova - "PGP & Cjdns righth now\!"

Tuesday, September 30, 2014at 6:30pm

#### Jan 2014

When: Friday, Jan 17, 6 pm

Where: Room 308E in the New Building of AUA (40 Baghramyan St. Yerevan,
Armenia)

#### Dec 2013

OWASP Armenia Meeting Agenda for Dec 26 2013 (5 pm at Instigate Training
Center, 58/1 Karapet Ulnetsi St, Yerevan)

  - Introducing OWASP Armenia
  - Ethical Hacking
  - Vulnerability Management (Guest Speaker Tigran Gevorgyan of Qualys)
  - OWASP Top Ten
  - Modern Threats
  - Round Table Discussions:
      - Meeting Frequency
      - Security Conference
      - Recruitment of New Members
  - TBD - "Presentation on Security"

Everyone is welcome to join us at our chapter meetings.



